Dev 2331 (#731)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/validate/json-schema.mdx

In the component [manifest](https://github.com/cloudposse/atmos/blob/master/examples/quick-start-advanced/stacks/catalog/vpc/defaults.yaml), add
the `settings.validation` section:

> ### Use Remote Schemas
> You can specify remote schemas by setting the `manifest` field to a remote URL in your `atmos.yaml` configuration file.
> <File title="atmos.yaml">

Reviewer: Please add new lines between sections and always after a header.

```suggestion
### Use Remote Schemas

You can specify remote schemas by setting the `manifest` field to a remote URL in your `atmos.yaml` configuration file.

<File title="atmos.yaml">
```

```yaml
# Validation schemas (for validating atmos stacks and components)
schemas:
  atmos:
    # You can specify a remote schema URL as well

>     manifest: "https://example.com/path/to/remote/atmos-manifest.json"

Reviewer: Please use the real URL. We have a valid schema published that should be used.

> ### Specify Remote Schemas
> You can specify remote schemas by setting the `manifest` field to a remote URL in your `atmos.yaml` configuration file.
> <File title="atmos.yaml">
> ```yaml
> # Validation schemas (for validating atmos stacks and components)
> schemas:
>   atmos:
>     # You can specify a remote schema URL as well
>     manifest: "https://atmos.tools/schemas/atmos/atmos-manifest/1.0/atmos-manifest.json"
> ```
> </File>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use Remote Schemas

You can specify remote schemas by setting the `manifest` field to a remote URL in your `atmos.yaml` configuration file.

<File title="atmos.yaml">
```yaml
# Validation schemas (for validating atmos stacks and components)
schemas:
  atmos:
    # You can specify a remote schema URL as well
    manifest: "https://atmos.tools/schemas/atmos/atmos-manifest/1.0/atmos-manifest.json"
```
</File>
```
